Open Lab, choose New agent, and start the guided creation flow.
C02
Choose From prompt to describe the Agent directly, or From chats to include examples of the work it should handle.
C04
This synthetic example starts with three chats: Acme has renewal blockers, Northstar is expanding, and the team needs a weekly account review. Add them with the Agent purpose.
C06
Review the selected excerpts as examples. OpenPond turns their recurring goals, decisions, corrections, and answer patterns into the first Agent plan.
C07
The draft converts those examples into the Agent's purpose, chat behavior, runnable actions, output formats, and Evals for your review.
C08
The right side panel asks how the Agent should prioritize conflicting account risks.
C09
Before creation, review the proposed name, chat endpoint, runnable actions, Evals, and output formats.
C09A
If the plan misses a requirement, open Edit plan and describe the change in plain language before any Agent source is created.
C09B
Review the revised plan, then click Confirm plan to create the Agent and run its Evals.
C10
This is the creation result: OpenPond built the Agent and passed its behavior Evals against the Account Health examples.
C11
After the Evals pass, the Agent is saved to your Profile and is ready to use.
C12
The Agent page shows its purpose, chat entrypoint, and runnable account actions.
C13Q
Use opens a normal chat with the Agent attached. Type a natural-language question about Acme before sending it.
C13
Acme is the at-risk example: the Agent answers in chat with renewal timing, usage decline, the disputed invoice, and the open P1 case.
C14
A follow-up keeps Acme context and assigns the first actions to Revenue Operations and Support instead of restarting the conversation.
C15
The action picker offers chat plus each runnable account action, so you can choose conversation or a focused task.
C16
Northstar is the healthy expansion example from the source chats. Its direct summary identifies rising usage and the request for twenty-five more seats.
C17
Running renewal triage for Acme returns high risk, cites the billing and support blockers, and orders the next steps.
C18
The weekly review action combines the portfolio and returns visible Markdown, CSV, and JSON artifacts for downstream use.
C19
After restarting OpenPond, the same Agent, chat history, and actions remain available.
I00
The current Agent finds the right facts, but buries the priority after the account summary. Improve will make the billing and P1 decision lead every high-risk result.
I01
Open Improve agent on the existing Agent, then choose whether to describe the correction directly or include a chat that demonstrates it.
I02
Choose From chats, ask every high-risk response to lead with the billing and P1 decision, and attach the correction conversation that demonstrates it.
I03
Review the new lead-with-priority behavior, the existing capabilities that must stay intact, and the Evals OpenPond will rerun.
I04
Review the planned change and confirm that it preserves citations and every existing action.
I05
The same locked Evals make the decision clear: the current Agent misses the new lead sentence, while the updated Agent passes every original and new Eval.
I06
Apply the update only after that comparison. The existing Agent updates in place, with the successful Evals recorded.
I07
The improved chat now places disputed billing and the open P1 case ahead of adoption decline while preserving source citations.
I08
The direct triage action repeats the billing-first result, proving the change works outside chat without breaking the existing workflow.
I09
Commit the final Agent source with a clear Git message so the exact Profile version remains reviewable and shareable.
I10
Open Sync to review the committed Profile changes. Confirm sync publishes this version so teammates can use the Agent in chat and hosted sandboxes can attach the same source.